=head1 NAME

TEON - A TEON parser and serializer

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use TEON;
  $parsed = TEON->parse_bytes ($teon_file);
  $parsed = TEON->parse_text ($teon_text);
  warn Dumper $parsed->{scalars};
  warn Dumper $parsed->{enums};
  warn Dumper $parsed->{lists};
  $teon_text = TEON->to_text ($parsed);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<TEON> module is a parser and serializer implementation for the
TEON data serialization format.

=head1 METHODS

There are following methods:

=over 4

=item $parsed = TEON->parse_bytes ($bytes)

Parse the argument as a TEON file (i.e. a utf-8 encoded byte string
representation of TEON) and return the result TEON document.

=item $parsed = TEON->parse_text ($chars)

Parse the argument as a TEON text (i.e. a character string
representation of TEON) and return the result TEON document.

=item $chars = TEON->to_text ($parsed)

Serialize the TEON document specified as the argument into a TEON
text.

=back

=head1 TEON DOCUMENT

A TEON document is represented as a hash reference in this module.
The hash has three key/value pairs: C<scalars>, C<enums>, and
C<lists>.

The C<scalars> value is a hash reference where keys are scalar field
names and values are corresponding field values.

The C<enums> value is a hash reference where keys are enumeration
field names and values are corresponding field values, represented as
hash references where keys are values in the set of the field value
and values are number C<1>.

The C<lists> value is a hash reference where keys are scalar field
names and values are corresponding field values, represented as array
references whose items are values in the list of the field value.

=head1 SPECIFICATION

TEON <https://wakaba.github.io/spec-teon/>.

Unlike the TEON standard, code points can be non-Unicode code points
allowed by Perl, e.g. U-00110000, in this module.  However, use of
such code points is not recommended.

The current version of this module does not support reporting of parse
errors.

=head1 DEPENDENCY

Perl 5.8 or later is required.

If the L<Unicode::UTF8> module is available, it is used to decode
utf-8 byte sequence in the C<parse_bytes> method.  Otherwise, the
L<Encode> module (which is a core module) is used instead.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This module is developed as part of the TR project.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2015 Wakaba <wakaba@suikawiki.org>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
